Add a final post to push folks to purchase tickets and book hotel rooms. (#178)
djangocon/2023.djangocon.us: _posts/2023-09-05-final-hotel-call.md

---
author_name: Tim Schilling
category: General
date: 2023-09-05 12:00:00-05:00
layout: post
title: Buy your tickets to DjangoCon US 2023!
---

[DjangoCon US 2023](https://2023.djangocon.us/) is quickly approaching!

So yes, this is one of those, "get out there and [buy your ticket](https://ti.to/defna/djangocon-us-2023)" messages.
Discounted rooms at the main hotel are in limited supply and go away entirely September 15, so book your room soon!
Your organizers have been working diligently to prepare for a
fantastic conference this fall. We have amazing keynotes and talks lined up. And [there are tutorials](https://2023.djangocon.us/schedule/#Day-Tutorials) the weekend before

> that can be attended from the comfort of your own home. Personally, I could use the refresher on [Postgres optimization](https://2023.djangocon.us/tutorials/seamless-postgres-query-optimization/),

Author: Welp, time to revise this a bit!

> that can be attended from the comfort of your own home. Personally, I could use the refresher on [Postgres optimization](https://2023.djangocon.us/tutorials/seamless-postgres-query-optimization/),

Author: @drewbrew could you take a look at the changes in https://github.com/djangocon/2023.djangocon.us/pull/178/commits/84603a3a14586f08a23b36a6b8a5d519cdc7afc8?

but maybe you're more into [Airflow](https://2023.djangocon.us/tutorials/django-3-airflow/) or [Wagtail](https://2023.djangocon.us/tutorials/best-of-both-worlds-next-js-wagtail/).
Give the whole collection a look and purchase a ticket.

We also have [two days of sprints](https://2023.djangocon.us/sprints/). If you've wanted to be more involved in the Django ecosystem, you'll want to stay for

> these. You can learn how to make a code contribution to Django or get started with a third party package. Side note,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
these. You can learn how to make a code contribution to Django or get started with a third party package. As a bonus,
```
